Test size: 0.2
PCA n = 7

Random Forest Parameters:
bootstrap: True
ccp_alpha: 0.0
class_weight: None
criterion: entropy
max_depth: 14
max_features: sqrt
max_leaf_nodes: None
max_samples: 0.6471458093575644
min_impurity_decrease: 0.0
min_samples_leaf: 1
min_samples_split: 2
min_weight_fraction_leaf: 0.0
monotonic_cst: None
n_estimators: 108
n_jobs: -1
oob_score: False
random_state: 42
verbose: 0
warm_start: False

LightGBM Parameters:
boosting_type: gbdt
class_weight: None
colsample_bytree: 0.7
importance_type: split
learning_rate: 0.02
max_depth: 10
min_child_samples: 20
min_child_weight: 0.001
min_split_gain: 0.0
n_estimators: 100
n_jobs: -1
num_leaves: 16
objective: multiclass
random_state: 42
reg_alpha: 0.001
reg_lambda: 0.0
subsample: 0.7
subsample_for_bin: 200000
subsample_freq: 0
num_class: 3
boosting: gbdt
verbose: -1

XGBoost Parameters:
objective: multi:softprob
use_label_encoder: None
base_score: None
booster: None
callbacks: None
colsample_bylevel: None
colsample_bynode: None
colsample_bytree: None
early_stopping_rounds: None
enable_categorical: False
eval_metric: None
feature_types: None
gamma: None
gpu_id: None
grow_policy: None
importance_type: None
interaction_constraints: None
learning_rate: 0.06553761263405782
max_bin: 100
max_cat_threshold: None
max_cat_to_onehot: None
max_delta_step: None
max_depth: 20
max_leaves: 68
min_child_weight: None
missing: nan
monotone_constraints: None
n_estimators: 100
n_jobs: -1
num_parallel_tree: None
predictor: None
random_state: 42
reg_alpha: None
reg_lambda: None
sampling_method: None
scale_pos_weight: None
subsample: 0.6152793198425651
tree_method: hist
validate_parameters: None
verbosity: None
num_class: 3
